# Meeting Notes 

* Date: 2024.09.23
* Atendees: Andre, Caroline, Bert, Christine, Marc

## Future of the Data Catalog

KNMI responsibility in Ruisdael data management efforts?
* KDP is not publishing new datasets in KDP
* KNMI had budget allocated to data management

* KNMI could have the responsibility with some support from KNMI (Niels)

* Andre suggestion: A workgroup with individuals from different partern organization that meet once per month, to discuss tasks that need to be done and do them along that month. Include Niels and a researcher from TUD. Same goes for the website
   * easier for getting input from the partners (in shorter feedback loops)
   * Marc can comitt from TUD, but there is the need for more partner 


## Friday: Meeting with the Steering Comitte

Ulli + Arnoud: think the catalog is a good resource to have. 

# Github Project - Data catalog 

Data catalog Issues in https://github.com/ruisdael-observatory/Ruisdael-Data-Catalog/issues

Collaboraborators should be part of the project+repository so they can respond to issue.

suggestion: ask TUD DCC to organize workshop around working to github issues

# Reaching the PIs involved?

# PoC development
* development hours was around 8 days full days from Andre (TUD)

# Catalog future maintanance 
* future maintanance (ie. creating accounts, server maintainance) will be not very taxing
* future improvements can be done at a slow pace
* future short workshops  introducing new users to the wiki catalog


# Final thoughts

we have a proposal (proof-of-concept) for a data catalog. But if no partner takes the responsibility to maintain it, there won't be a data catalog** 

Data is the most important key deliverable for Ruisdael

Data dissemination with DOIs is necessary
